one of the largest problems and cities
are urban runoff you can see urban off
every time it rains or in the spring
when the snow melts water runs off roofs
chuckles across parking lots and flows
down Street gutters in urban areas most
water from rain snow melt or from your
sprinkling of your yard flows from the
storm drains and into a vast network of
pipes these pipes carry water directly
from your neighborhood to our local
rivers streams and wetlands this water
becomes polluted when it picks up things
like grass clippings leaves pesticides
motor oil head weighs and flushes them
into storm drains and eventually lead us
into large bodies of water such as a
Charles River
toxic exhaust released from the exhaust
pipes of vehicles are just one of the
several of the causes of air pollution
increasing the pollutant nerds that are
found in receiving waters of urban areas
it's also fuel combustion ways and
produce from the burning of fossil fuels
such as oil coal natural gas these
wastes are often released in the form of
smoke from factories or in automobiles
carbon monoxide nitrogen oxide sulfur
oxides and hydrocarbons are just some of
the pollutants produced by fossil fuels
increased pollutant nodes can harm fish
wildlife populations kill native
vegetation foul drinking water supplies
and make recreational areas and safe
when the pollutants of urban runoff were
released in two bodies of water they
disturb the hydrology cycle in the
hydraulic cycle water evaporates from
large bodies of water and enters into
the atmosphere what is inside the back
into the environment on the form of
burning